>> Stephen: WELCOME BACK,
EVERYBODY.
WE'RE HERE WITH FORMER DEPUTY
DIRECTOR OF THE F.B.I., ANDREW
McCABE, THE AUTHOR OF THE HIS
NEW BOOK "THE THREAT."
WE HAVE LEARNED A FAIR AMOUNT
OVER THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS OF
FORMER DIRECTOR MUELLER'S
INVESTIGATION THROUGH SENTENCING
MEMOS, THROUGH COURT FILINGS.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: WE'VE LEARNED SOME
OF WHAT HE'S LEARNED.
ARE THERE THINGS THAT YOU KNEW
THAT HAD ALREADY BEEN LEARNED IN
THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION BEFORE
YOU LEFT THAT ARE SIGNIFICANT
DETAILS THAT WE HAVE NOT LEARNED
YET?
>> SURE.
THERE'S CERTAINLY INFORMATION --
>> Stephen: WHAT ARE THOSE
THINGS?
(  LAUGHTER  )
>> WELL... I, OF COURSE, CANNOT
DISCUSS THOSE THINGS.
>> Stephen: I MEAN, ARE THEY
LIKE A-RUG-A!
ON A SCALE OF EH, TO A-RUG-A.
WHERE WOULD YOU PUT THEM?
>> I DON'T KNOW THAT I CAN
ESTIMATE YOUR A-RUG-A SCALE.
>> IT GOES LIKE THIS, EH, AND
A-RUG-A.
>> SOMEWHERE IN THE MIDDLE.
>> Stephen: SOMEWHERE IN THE
MIDDLE.
OKAY.
SOME PEOPLE IN-- IN DEFENSE OF
THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE ALREADY BEEN
CHARGED, IT'S A PROCESS CRIME.
IT'S A PROCESS CRIME, ANDY.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL, ANDY.
IT'S PROCESS CRIMES.
WHAT DO YOU SAY TO PEOPLE WHO
SAY, THEY'RE PROCESS CRIMES?
YOU'RE NIT-PICKING.
>> WHEN I WAS AN INVESTIGATION,
I DON'T ANY FEDERAL INVESTIGATOR
WOULD SAY TO YOU LYING TO A
FEDERAL INVESTIGATOR DURING THE
COURSE OF AN INVESTIGATION IS A
PROCESS CRIME.
WE TAKE THAT PRETTY SERIOUSLY.
>> Stephen: OF COURSE YOU TAKE
THAT SERIOUSLY, IT'S YOUR JOB.
ARE YOU THE PROCESS.
THAT'S WHY IT'S IMPORTANT TO
YOU.
>> IF WE CAN'T COUNT ON, YOU
KNOW, THE INFORMATION WE GET WE
HAVE A HARDER TIME
INVESTIGATING.
>> Stephen: ONE OF THE THINGS
ABOUT THIS BOOK-- WHICH, AGAIN,
I ENJOYED READING IT.
I RECOMMEND IT TO PEOPLE-- WE
GOT YOUR EYEWITNESS ACCOUNT OF
MANY THINGS THAT WE ALREADY HAD
REPORTS ABOUT.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: NOW, WE HEARD
RUMORS OR REPORTS, EITHER
THROUGH "THE NEW YORK TIMES" OR
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL" OR
"BUZZ FEED" OR "THE WASHINGTON
POST," OF WHAT HAPPENED IN
MEETINGS WITH DONALD TRUMP, WHAT
HAPPENED CONSIDERING THE
25th AMENDMENT.
>> RIGHT.
>> Stephen: THE-- THE NEED TO
GET ROBERT MUELLER.
THERE ARE SO MANY THINGS IN HERE
THEY ALREADY KNEW ABOUT.
I GOT YOUR FRESH PERSPECTIVE ON
IT, AND I GOT AN IDEA OF WHAT IT
FELT LIKE TO BE IN THE ROOM.
>> SURE.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THE REPORTING ON THE
INVESTIGATION SO FAR?
WE GET A LOT OF REPORTS FROM
"THE WASHINGTON POST," "THE NEW
YORK TIMES."
ARE THEY ACCURATE?
WHAT DO YOU THINK, IN GENERAL
BHOW FACTUAL THOSE REPORTS ARE?
BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT CALLS THEM
ALL "FAKE NEWS."
>> I THINK A LOT OF THE-- I
THINK THE REPORTING HAS BEEN
EXTRAORDINARY.
I THINK THERE'S A-- THERE'S
CLEARLY AN-- I'VE NEVER SEEN THE
LEVEL OF RESOURCES DEDICATED TO
THIS SORT OF WORK THAT YOU
CURRENTLY HAVE UNDER THIS
ADMINISTRATION, RIGHT.
SO THE NUMBER AND SCOPE OF
REALLY TALENTED REPORTERS THAT
ARE-- THAT ARE WORKING ON THIS
TOPIC DAY IN, DAY OUT.
AND THEY ARE GOING TO CONTINUE
TO PEEL BACK THE ONION ON THE
FACTS THAT THEY HAVE ACCESS TO.
SOMETIMES NOT TO THE BENEFIT OF
THE INVESTIGATION.
SO AS AN INVESTIGATOR, IT'S
SOMETHING THAT CONCERNS YOU VERY
MUCH, TO BE ABLE TO ENSURE THAT
INVESTIGATIVE SENSITIVE
INFORMATION DOES NOT MAKE IT--
>> Stephen: THIS BOOK, OF
COURSE, IS IN?
WAYS ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION, AT
LEAST THE ORIGIN OF IT.
IF YOU WERE STILL IN THE F.B.I.,
WOULD YOU WANT THIS BOOK OUT
THERE?
>> THAT'S A GREAT QUESTION.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU.
( LAUGHTER )
>> AS AN INTERVIEWER, I
APPRECIATE A GOOD QUESTION.
>> Stephen: YES, YES.
( LAUGHTER )
YOU'RE UNDER OATH, BY THE WAY.
YOU'RE UNDER OATH RIGHT NOW.
>> OKAY.
YOU KNOW I WORKED VERY CLOSELY
WITH THE F.B.I. IN THE PROCESS
OF GETTING THE BOOK PUBLISHED.
I'M REQUIRED TO SUBMIT THE
MANUSCRIPT TO THE F.B.I. FOR
WHAT THEY CALL PREPUBLICATION
REVIEW.
>> Stephen: WHY ARE YOU
REQUIRED TO?
BECAUSE YOU WERE ACTUALLY FIRED
FROM THE F.B.I.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> Stephen: WHAT DO YOU OWE
THE F.B.I. NOW THAT YOU'VE BEEN
CUT LOOSE?
WHY CAN'T YOU SAY WHAT YOU WANT.
YOU DON'T OWE THEM NOTHING.
>> I AM STILL, BY VIRTUE OF THE
CLEARANCES I HAD IN MY POSITION,
I'M STILL OBLIGATED TO PROTECT
NATIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION
AND THAT'S ONE OF THE WAYS THAT
GOVERNMENT ORGANIZATIONS ENSURE
THAT INFORMATION IS PROTECTED.
IT'S A PROCESS I RESPECT.
AND IT WAS-- IT TOOK A LONG TIME
AND A LOT OF WORK, BUT I'M
PLEASED WITH THE PRODUCT THAT
CAME OUT.
>> Stephen: WELL, AS AM I.
I ENJOYED IT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BEING
HERE, DIRECTOR.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Stephen: "THE THREAT" IS
AVAILABLE NOW.
ANDREW McCABE, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH
DAN LEVY.